MinIO Gateway integration pipelines (#27)
kyma-project/rafter: charts/rafter/README.md

### Switch MinIO to Gateway mode

> By default, you install the Upload Service in MinIO stand-alone mode. If you want to switch MinIO to Gateway mode and you don't want to lose your buckets uploaded by the Upload Service, you must change the **rafter-upload-service.minio.persistence.enabled**, **rafter-upload-service.minio.podAnnotations.persistence**, **rafter-controller-manager.minio.persistence.enabled**, **rafter-controller-manager.minio.podAnnotations.persistence** parameters to`false` and override parameters for MinIO under the **rafter-controller-manager.minio** object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you install the Upload Service in MinIO stand-alone mode. If you want to switch MinIO to Gateway mode and you don't want to lose your buckets uploaded by the Upload Service, you must override parameters for MinIO under the **rafter-controller-manager.minio** object and change these parameters to `false`:
- **rafter-upload-service.minio.persistence.enabled**
- **rafter-upload-service.minio.podAnnotations.persistence**
- **rafter-controller-manager.minio.persistence.enabled**
- **rafter-controller-manager.minio.podAnnotations.persistence**
```

> > **NOTE**: Please remember also about updating parameters under **rafter-upload-service.migrator.pre** and **rafter-upload-service.migrator.post** objects. It's very important, because sometimes names of deployments or secrets are different after upgrading release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** If the names of deployments or secrets used before and after switching to Gateway mode differ, you must update parameters under **rafter-upload-service.migrator.pre** and **rafter-upload-service.migrator.post** objects. 
```
